<?php

echo "I have always been amazed how si Jo mastered relationships within and outside class. When class starts, he'd always have his game face mode on and be one of the most intimidating instructors you'd encounter, although you'd see him joke and laugh at himself from time to time. Outside class, you'd find him in or outside the faculty room making jokes and giving some advice, whether it's project advice, life advice or lesson advice."

echo "I may have forgotten almost all the programming and related lessons you've thought us over the years, but I will never forget all the life lessons you've instilled in us throughout the 2 years we've come to know you as our instructor and beyond after we've already graduated. For everything that he did, he always had a purpose and a lesson he'd like to teach us. All those times that we'd all do our vigils outside the faculty room, he mentioned once why he was doing it, it was to value and respect each other's time, and on the side, the art of pursuing and patience, which is still very much applicable these days, at work, in our daily lives. These are a few of the priceless lessons I've come to learn that I value most. Thank you for these."

echo "I recall having to go back and forth with our thesis back in college due to modifications and iterations because we couldn't convince them enough yet. We we're so lucky to have a great team of mentors for our thesis, Sir Montes and Ma'am Macon as our panelists and Sir Bench as our Adviser. There were times we almost gave up but we knew they had our best interests. Skip to post-graduation, that was only when we had the golden yes and went on to deploy our project to a small clinic along Kayang. 
Skip to 6 years later, Chalk and I had the opportunity to visit the clinic (which we were called upon to inspect because the hardware has started giving up), we had to retire our project, but that project wouldn't make it 6 years, if it weren't for them. Later that day, we had a chance to meet with them (Sir Montes, Ma'am Macon, Sir Bench, and Sir Makil), catch up with life, and gave an the surprising news that our thesis project made it 6 years before retirement. I am so glad we had the opportunity to share these things with them because the sucess of the project all thoughout the years was a projection of how great of a mentors we had. I can still recall the surprise and smile on his face when he found out. Without them, we wouldn't part of who were are today without them. We owe part of our lives to you si Jo. Thank you for everything. "

echo "Rest easy for I know that you're already happy with our Lord Creator. "

?>
